I wrote the friends it's Julie and if
you've been watching for a little while
then you know that I have been testing
out a product called alone labs rewind
lotion let's see if I can get it to show
there there we go this was actually the
second time that I've tried a product
from alone lab on the first one from
about the packaging from the last one
but it was the rewind serum it came in
two bottles like this that you had to
mix together and I tried that out last
year and it is quite my skin perfectly
and the company never lost touch with me
because they've all had really positive
reactions for that and they were
continuing to develop their products and
pay close attention the the creator of
the original formula is a plastic search
and then his wife had problems with
hyperpigmentation and things like that
he was looking to create a product that
would really be great for people who
have sensitive skin issues and who
really need to take extra care with
their skin they continue to develop the
product even further from the original
serum and they came up with a lotion
kind of product and it comes in a very
pretty bottle that looks like this don't
know if you can see it but I'm almost
finished the product now so i thought
that i would share my thoughts i will
continue to use this until it's done but
I thought instead of making you wait i
have already formed my opinion and
everything I may as well let you know
what I think in case you haven't watched
the original video I'll put a link to
the video right here that you can kind
of catch up on what this product about
is about if you want to learn more about
it but essentially it is a skin lotion
that is meant to be very hydrating very
gentle and yet have a lot of very
positive anti-aging type properties and
I'm somebody who believes that
anti-aging isn't something that you're
supposed to start when you start seeing
the signs of aging you should be working
on anti-aging pretty much from the
beginning on that it doesn't necessarily
mean that you need to use anti aging
products and things like that if you use
very very good skincare
then you will be helping your skin and
your overall health anyway along with
the foods that you're eating getting
enough sleep and exercise so I really do
like the idea behind this product anyway
so it really when the company contacted
me again and said would I be willing to
try this product out and give my
feedback I was of course very happy
essentially what they did was they sent
me a coupon code so that I could buy it
on Amazon I think i paid fifty cents or
something like that for it so i did pay
for it but i didn't pay full price by
any means this one is far more
affordable than the last one and it
comes in a format that is much easier to
use and I just find that it's more
practical all around the last one you
needed to use it within 30 days of
having mixed the two ingredients
together this one comes with a little
card in there and it says some consumed
by expiration date and shake before each
use and this one actually says on it
that it expires in February of 2017 so
that gave me far more time because I've
had this since november i started it in
december because i was trying something
else before that and yeah so I love the
bottle I think it's really pretty I love
that you don't have to mix it yourself
it comes like this you just have to
shake it before each use found that you
know it's pumped it's a little pump
style thing it stays very clean it
doesn't get that little hard rock thing
you know that some pump bottles get in
the even after a few hours they get that
little knob of hard stuff it doesn't get
bad it's a very very nice package very
easy to use and you can see how much is
left because the little thing this used
to be full all the way and it climbs up
the bottle this plastic thing that's the
slide right here it does tell you to
follow a little schedule kind of thing
that tells you for a week one use it if
you have normal skin or if you have
sensitive skin use it this many times
mine didn't happen to come with that but
I contacted the company and they got
back to me within hours in fact we've
been probably two hours with a copy of
it so mine was just missed um that seems
to be I always get the one that dumb is
missing stuff I'm used to contacting
companies that's okay though because
their customer service is exceptional
it's very very good so because I have
very sensitive skin the first week that
I used it I used it once per day every
other day
the second week i used it i used it once
per day every single day and then from
the third week onward i used it twice
per day so what i found was my skin
reacted far better to this and the
original serum product it I couldn't
believe how hydrating of it it's
basically it doesn't really it says
lotion on the bottle but it feels in
your hand more like a bit of a gel kind
of halfway between a lotion and a gel
it's a very pleasant feeling but it
feels very very light so I thought this
is never going to hydrate me in the
wintertime I was absolutely certain it
wouldn't do the job I was going to have
dry skin I was going to have that really
hard scaly feeling that I've had in
previous years not at all this is so
shockingly hydrating I still can't lie
i'm still kind of having a hard time
believing it if that makes any sense at
all considering i've been using it for
you know a month and a half now my skin
tolerated it very very well it was it is
shockingly hydrating even though it
feels super light and it absorbs into
the skin almost right away so you just
kind of you know rub it over your skin
really lightly and my skin just like
sucked it up like a sponge and my skin
didn't dry out I was thinking I was
going to have to put more lotion on top
or something to get through it not at
all when my skin I did have a flare-up
okay so I'm not exactly sure where I was
there um I just heard somebody scream
and a older lady just slipped on the ice
outside the door of my building oh that
was terrifying all right so no this is
very very hydrating and my skin
tolerated it very very well the only
time that my skin didn't too well with
it was I did have a couple of flare-ups
over the holiday season it was
completely because of all of us all the
stuff I'd been eating all the cookies
all the basically foods that are all
triggers I just went not over the
holidays and I just thought you know if
I have one thing I may as well have all
the things and just deal with the mess
during a flare up my skin didn't
tolerate this very much so basically
what I did was I dropped it back to once
a day and I used to just during the
daytime and then overnight I used some
of my crazy healing super rosacea
friendly stuff but then as soon as the
flare-up cleared up again I use light
therapy and things like that back to
full time on this again and my skin
tolerated perfectly fine to be fair to
this when my skin has a flair up it
doesn't tolerate much so it's not
because this is harsh it's just because
my skin doesn't handle anything so um
yes other than that like my skin on a
regular day handle this tolerated it
perfectly perfectly fine and what was
actually kind of funny is that I
subscribe to a magazine that actually
talked about glycolic acid and it talked
about different alpha hydroxy acids and
things like that and it went through a
whole list of the different kinds that
are often found in skin care products
and this one has vitamin c ascorbic acid
as one of the very first ingredients it
says also known as ascorbic acid vitamin
c promotes collagen production the skin
is a potent antioxidant and i just
thought that was very funny that at the
exact same time but I was trying this
product the magazine that I subscribe to
actually did a write-up on the different
kinds of glycolic acids and what they do
and so that's exactly what you know as
hydrating as this is and there are a lot
of other ingredients in here really
actually very impressive
including rosehip oil which one of my
rosy friends actually brought up in a
recent video saying that you really like
to hydrate your skin with it but yeah so
there are a lot of great ingredients in
here and it just happens that vitamin C
is one of the top ones and so this does
encourage collagen production it's got
an addy aging antioxidant that but at
the same time it has a whole pile of
other ingredients that are extremely
hydrating and extremely soothing so I
found that absolutely i was so impressed
with this i was so happy that my skin my
skin reacted to this and tolerated it so
well i think this is a lovely product i
think as much as i thought that this
would be better for me to try once I
kind of tried the first time and I saw a
kind of the consistency of it I thought
oh this should be a summertime product I
did perfectly well with it especially
during the daytime in the winter I still
do a twice-a-week kind of hydrating mask
and things like that but I didn't find
that this interrupted any other skincare
that I wanted to do for this for the
purposes of testing out this product I
tried to lay off anything else as much
as possible but and I am wearing makeup
right now I was I attended an event
earlier but my skin is in really good
condition and I use this even this
morning it's just really nicely under
makeup as you know as long as you don't
think so my makeup a terrible i have it
on right the second so yeah I'm going to
continue using this until it's done and
I definitely would use this again this
is something that it's actually really
rare to find a product that is focused
on anti-aging and will also suit rosacea
prone skin so I really think that this
is quite a lovely lovely thing to test
out I was really fortunate to be able to
try it thank you two alone labs for
giving me that opportunity and yeah so I
hope this review helps you too in case
you're looking for something like this
in case you're looking for something
that is super hydrating but that's light
as well you don't want something like
heavy or just that kind of gloops onto
your face if you want something that
sits under makeup for example I really
think you know this could be worth
giving a try at least talking to your
doctor or dermatologist about so i hope
you like this video i hope you liked
this review and that it helped you in
some way if you did please give
two thumbs up that way I'll know and if
you want to see more videos like this
where a few products or I just talked
about living the rosy life with our Jose
shoes and I hope you'll subscribe to my
channel I make new videos every Sunday
and Thursday and other met I will see
you next time
[Music]